non-uk citizen visas page updates (#4477)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/non-uk-teachers/fees-and-funding-for-non-uk-trainees.md

  - Settlement Scheme
---

Most non-UK citizens will not be eligible for financial support from the UK government to help with teacher training.

> Some support may be available if you:

Reviewer: does this need a `(one of the following)` to emphasise you don't need all of these?

> Some support may be available if you:

Author: ```suggestion
If one of the following applies to you, you may be able to get some support:
```

> * train to teach languages or physics

Author: ```suggestion
* you are training to teach languages or physics
```

> * have some type of settled status in the UK, for example, through the [EU Settlement Scheme](https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families) or [indefinite leave to remain](https://www.gov.uk/indefinite-leave-to-remain)

Author: ```suggestion
* you have some type of settled status in the UK, for example, through the [EU Settlement Scheme](https://www.gov.uk/settled-status-eu-citizens-families) or [indefinite leave to remain](https://www.gov.uk/indefinite-leave-to-remain)
```

> * are [from Ukraine or Afghanistan and are on certain visas](/non-uk-teachers/visas-for-non-uk-trainees)

Author: ```suggestion
* you are [from Ukraine or Afghanistan and are on certain visas](/non-uk-teachers/visas-for-non-uk-trainees)
```

* are an Irish citizen

Support may include: 

* a reduction in fees to the home fee rate paid by UK applicants (set at a maximum of $fees_pgitt_domesticfulltime$) – if you’re eligible, this fee will be the same for all courses offered by training providers 

* student loans to help with tuition fees and living costs 

* bursaries and scholarships in the subjects offered to UK citizens 

> ## Teacher training fees

Reviewer: There's a non-breaking space before this h2 (already in prod!)

```suggestion
## Teacher training fees
```

Most non-UK candidates will not be eligible for financial support to help with fees.

$refugees-asylum-seekers$

> ## Funding your techer training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Funding your teacher training
```

### Student loans

You may be eligible to apply for a student loan to cover your tuition fees.  

To start your application for student loans, you need to have chosen your teacher training course, but you do not need a confirmed place. 

[Check your eligibility and apply for student loans](https://www.gov.uk/student-finance).

### Bursaries and scholarships for trainee languages and physics teachers

There are 2 types of financial support you can get if you want to train to teach languages or physics:

* bursaries worth $bursaries_postgraduate_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$ for languages, and $bursaries_postgraduate_physics$ for physics
* scholarships worth $scholarships_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$ for French, German and Spanish, and $scholarships_physics$ for physics

Bursaries are tax-free payments from the UK government that are paid by your training provider. Scholarships are tax-free payments from independent organisations. You do not have to pay back a bursary or scholarship. 

If you successfully applied for a bursary or scholarship, you can use this in your Student visa application as proof that you have enough money to support yourself. 

> Bursaries and scholarship payments are usually made by late October but you should confirm payment dates with your chosen provider.

Reviewer: Missed this one - also needs updating re first instalment?

To start your application for student loans, you need to have chosen your teacher training course, but you do not need a confirmed place. 

[Check your eligibility and apply for student loans](https://www.gov.uk/student-finance).

### Bursaries and scholarships for trainee languages and physics teachers

There are 2 types of financial support you can get if you want to train to teach languages or physics:

* bursaries worth $bursaries_postgraduate_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$ for languages, and $bursaries_postgraduate_physics$ for physics
* scholarships worth $scholarships_languagesfrenchgermanspanish$ for French, German and Spanish, and $scholarships_physics$ for physics

Bursaries are tax-free payments from the UK government that are paid by your training provider. Scholarships are tax-free payments from independent organisations. You do not have to pay back a bursary or scholarship. 

If you successfully applied for a bursary or scholarship, you can use this in your Student visa application as proof that you have enough money to support yourself. 

However, bursaries are not paid until late October, so you’ll need to have enough money to support yourself until then. 

> You should be able to use eligibility for a bursary in your [visa application](/non-uk-teachers/visas-for-non-uk-trainees) as proof that you have enough money to support yourself. 

Author: This is repeated, checking with policy which version is correct

> You do not need to pay an agent or any other third party to access a bursary or scholarship. Any agency or person offering to help you access a bursary may be fraudulent. Avoid and report internet scams and phishing. 

Author: ```suggestion
You do not need to pay an agent or any other third party to access a bursary or scholarship. Any agency or person offering to help you access a bursary may be fraudulent.
```

Learn more about [bursaries and scholarships for physics and languages](/funding-and-support/scholarships-and-bursaries). 

> ### Salaried teach training courses

Author: ```suggestion
### Salaried teacher training courses
```

Some teacher training courses in England are salaried. This means you [work and earn a salary while you train](/funding-and-support/salaried-teacher-training). 

You will need a [Skilled Worker visa](https://www.gov.uk/skilled-worker-visa) if you are on a salaried training course. Your Skilled Worker visa must be sponsored by the school employing you. 

Places on these courses are limited and some salaried courses also charge fees. 

[Find teacher training courses](https://find-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/).

### Teaching apprenticeships 

If you are resident in the UK, you may be eligible to apply for a postgraduate teaching apprenticeship or a teacher degree apprenticeship if you do not have a bachelor’s degree. Teaching apprenticeships allow you to earn a salary while you train. 

> To apply, you’ll need to meet both the following conditions: 

Author: ```suggestion
To apply, you will need to meet both the following conditions: 
```

* you must have settled or pre-settled status under the EU Settlement Scheme 
* you must have been living in the UK or the EEA for 3 or more years before the start of your apprenticeship 

If you do not have settled or pre-settled status under the EU Settlement Scheme, you will need to meet both the following conditions: 

* you must apply for a visa or immigration status allowing you to work in the UK 
* you must have been living in the UK for 3 or more years before the start of your apprenticeship 

If you are resident in the UK, you may already have a visa or immigration status allowing you to work, for example, a Graduate visa. 

> If you need to apply for another visa, for example, a Skilled Worker visa, you’ll need to do this after you’ve been given a place on a teaching apprenticeship. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you need to apply for another visa, for example, a Skilled Worker visa, you will need to do this after you have been given a place on a teaching apprenticeship. 
```
